W-16093306-jms-prefetch-kt (#2620)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: jms/1.9/modules/ROOT/pages/jms-performance.adoc

For example, consider these connection URLs with the `jms.prefetchPolicy.all` parameter:
[source,xml,linenums]
----
tcp://localhost:61616?jms.prefetchPolicy.all=50
tcp://localhost:61616?jms.prefetchPolicy.queuePrefetch=1
----

In the JMS Connector XML configuration, the configuration of the connection `brokenUrl` looks like this:

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<jms:config name="JMS_Config_listen" doc:name="JMS Config" doc:id="6600826c-0798-496b-b016-9b9b29268cb8" >
		<jms:active-mq-connection username="admin" password="admin" >
				<reconnection >
				<reconnect-forever />
			</reconnection>
			<jms:caching-strategy >
				<jms:no-caching />
			</jms:caching-strategy>
			<jms:factory-configuration brokerUrl="tcp://localhost:61616?jms.prefetchPolicy.all=1" enable-xa="true" />
		</jms:active-mq-connection>
		<expiration-policy maxIdleTime="30" timeUnit="SECONDS" />
		<jms:consumer-config maxRedelivery="10" />
		<jms:producer-config persistentDelivery="true" />
	</jms:config>
----

> Use a large prefetch values for high performance with high message volumes. However, for lower message volumes, where each message takes a long time to process, set the prefetch to `1`. This ensures that a consumer is only processing one message at a time. Specifying a prefetch limit of zero, however, causes the consumer to poll for messages, one at a time, instead of the message being pushed to the consumer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Increase prefetch values for high performance with high message volumes. However, for lower message volumes, where each message takes a long time to process, set the prefetch to `1`. This ensures that a consumer is only processing one message at a time. Specifying a prefetch limit of zero, however, causes the consumer to poll for messages, one at a time, instead of the message being pushed to the consumer.
```
